README.md, before:

# Studying the evolution of gender in movies: roles given to women and public perception

## Abstract

Women often face stereotypes, from traditional expectations about their domestic roles to uncertainties about their ability for leadership or physical strength, all exacerbated by societal beauty standards. But do these stereotypes and inequalities reflect in the movie industry ?  
In addition, there are common stereotypes about different big movie industries in the world: American movies are commonly perceived as blockbusters-oriented, prioritizing entertainment, while European productions are thought to be more artistic and intellectual. Finally, the common Bollywood movie has a family-centric plot that shapes the roles given to actresses in it. 
To answer these questions and confirm or infirm those clichés, we will use the CMU Movie Summary Corpus dataset and focus our analysis first on getting a more comprehensive view of the evolution of the roles given to women, and then compare different big movie industries. 

## Research questions

2 axes:
- étude longitudinale de l'évolution des actrices représentées dans les films et le type de rôles qu'elles occupent
- étude de comment les films sont reçus selon la représentation des femmes dedans

## Proposed additional datasets 

IMDb ratings: IMDb (an acronym for Internet Movie Database) is an online database of information related to films, television series and more, where users can rate the films they watch from 1 to 10. We are mainly interested in the IMDb average score and number of votes per movie. The IMDb title basics and title ratings datasets have been found on IMDb (title.ratings.tsv and title.basics.tsv). 

## Methods

## Proposed timeline

## Organization within the team
| | Task |
| :---:|---|
| Amélie | |
| Anna-Rose | |
| Coline | |
| Elisa | |
| Jeanne | |
## Questions

Commit message:

Box office revenue and percentage of women

README.md, after:

# Studying the evolution of gender in movies: roles given to women and public perception

## Abstract

Women often face stereotypes, from traditional expectations about their domestic roles to uncertainties about their ability for leadership or physical strength, all exacerbated by societal beauty standards. But do these stereotypes and inequalities reflect in the movie industry ?  
In addition, there are common stereotypes about different big movie industries in the world: American movies are commonly perceived as blockbusters-oriented, prioritizing entertainment, while European productions are thought to be more artistic and intellectual. Finally, the common Bollywood movie has a family-centric plot that shapes the roles given to actresses in it. 
To answer these questions and confirm or infirm those clichés, we will use the CMU Movie Summary Corpus dataset and focus our analysis first on getting a more comprehensive view of the evolution of the roles given to women, and then compare different big movie industries. 

## Research questions

Knowing that women are treated differently in the movie industry, we are interested to dig deeper and understand how movies with higher proportions of women are recieved by the public, are those movies more or less popular ? how are they rated ? do they really have less comercial success than movies with more men ?


2 axes:
- étude longitudinale de l'évolution des actrices représentées dans les films et le type de rôles qu'elles occupent
- étude de comment les films sont reçus selon la représentation des femmes dedans

## Proposed additional datasets 

IMDb ratings: IMDb (an acronym for Internet Movie Database) is an online database of information related to films, television series and more, where users can rate the films they watch from 1 to 10. We are mainly interested in the IMDb average score and number of votes per movie. The IMDb title basics and title ratings datasets have been found on IMDb (title.ratings.tsv and title.basics.tsv). 

## Methods

## Proposed timeline

## Organization within the team
| | Task |
| :---:|---|
| Amélie | |
| Anna-Rose | |
| Coline | |
| Elisa | |
| Jeanne | |
## Questions
